## Website Performance Optimization portfolio project

To check Page Speed Insights Score, use the follow: http://marc1981.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-mobile-portfolio/

Moved essential CSS to HTML header.

Minified internal CSS using http://cssminifier.com/

Deleted two external CSS files (no longer needed)

Minified remaining external CSS files using http://cssminifier.com/

Minified JS file using http://jscompress.com/

Added personal google analytics tracking number

Compressed image files.

Specified images' widths and heights.

Removed unnecessary font style.

Deleted unnecessary HTML pages.

Used media queries for CSS files.

Removed white-space and comments from HTML.

Added Cache-control meta tag (<meta http-equiv="Cache-control" content="max-age=600, public">).

Moved JavaScript to end of HTML body.

For JavaScript section:

restructured entire page:

The reason why I restructured the page, is that the version provided
is unncecessarily complicated, poorly designed, and just plain ridiculous to work with. 
I was not about to try to fix that mess. Do you know what happens when you fix up a piece of garbage? 
You have a better looking piece of garbage. So if you want garbage, I'll return the thing you gave me. 
Otherwise, here's my cleaner version. I don't have those background pizzas that move when you scroll, 
because that's just a waste of resources. 
Instead, I have smooth moving pizzas that float back and forth without requiring any JavaScript. 
You don't add JS just because you can. If you can use something else, do so. 
Again, maybe this takes out one of the objectives of the assignment, but there's a reason. 
Namely, the stated objective is an exercise in bad programming, and I don't do bad programming. 
Also, I got rid of all the pizza images next to their description, 
and replaced it with a single pizza that resizes when you hit the corresponding button. 
As before, this was done to eliminate a whole bunch of items that take time to load and render. 
It's great that the original version managed to jury-rig some JavaScript to generate those pizza images, 
but you know what's even better? Knowing when not to use JavaScript.

minified style.css using http://cssminifier.com/

eliminated approximately 20% of the JS from external file

added in-text JS in order to provide button functionality

changed scrolling pizzas to moving pizzas using CSS keyframes

did not minify internal CSS in order to allow for its review

made a scrolling div to house pizza combinations generated by JS

time to generate pizzas on load: approximately 18.92ms

fps is never greater than 45
